chore(ci-cd-workflows): GitHub Actions snippets (#1918)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 08.Server-integration/08.CI-CD-workflows/01.GitHub-Actions/docs.md

---

> title: GitHab Actions

Reviewer: typo: `GitHab`

Author: GitHub's CI system is called `GitHub Actions`, so, at least from my side it was intentional to call it like that.

> title: GitHab Actions

Reviewer 2: @0lmi What Maciej means is:
```suggestion
title: GitHub Actions
```

taxonomy:
    category: reference
---

> Pre-built container image `mendersoftware/mender-ci-tools` with pre-installed `mender-cli` and `mender-artifact` tools is provided. The image can be used for building Mender artifacts from GitHub Actions jobs and (optionally) uploading them to a Mender server.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A pre-built container image `mendersoftware/mender-ci-tools` including the `mender-cli` and `mender-artifact` tools is provided. The image can be used for building Mender artifacts from GitHub Actions jobs and (optionally) uploading them to a Mender server.
```

## GitHub Actions

> !!!!! Only modern Mender backend version with [Personal Access Tokens](../../01.Using-the-apis/docs.md#personal-access-tokens) functionality in place is supported by the actions

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
!!!!! Only modern Mender backend versions with [Personal Access Tokens](../../01.Using-the-apis/docs.md#personal-access-tokens) functionality in place are supported by the actions
```

Do we have a changelog that we can link to, starting which version this applies?

Reviewer 4: https://mender.io/blog/mender-3-4-on-prem-release-integrate-mender-with-aws-iot-core-and-other-backend-services has a note on personal access tokens 👌

### Setup

> The actions requires the following Secret is set in a repository Settings:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The actions require the following secret is set in a repository settings:
```
